I am Natasha Pauli and I'm a new l'oreal
spokesperson when I heard that I'm gonna
be the ambassador for L'Oreal I could
not believe and for me it's like a dream
came true
oh my god you know finally I'm there you
know finding that I'm gonna be the face
of glory oh my first day of shooting so
every amazing not just a beauty its
personality it's amazing to be a part of
this group to say that I'm there too
I'm also like worth it I think so it
means a lot you have to always keep
straight you have to focus in the middle
your chin have to be a little bit up you
have to have the sparkle in your eye you
put your hips
on the side and then your hands on the
side as well and then you walk and you
think that you are the best in the world
you're the best in the world
it shot like few products and I think
it's like the best thing that everybody
should have because I love lipstick in
general I like makeup I like to change
my looks I think I can be makeup art as
good as well so if I go for red carpets
or something like it like I like to play
the lipstick you know like different
colors and I really like this color
which very beautiful red lipstick I
think it's like it's really cool even
like to put a little bit for a daytime
and of course I don't know any beautiful
girl who cannot believe about this
mascara
vml it's very good I suggest everybody
to have that